Add a structured list of solvers (#380)
JuliaManifolds/Manopt.jl: docs/src/solvers/index.md

# Available solvers in Manopt.jl

```@meta
CurrentModule = Manopt
```

Optimisation problems can be classified with respect to several criteria.
In the following we provide a grouping of the algorithms with respect to the “information”
available about your optimisation problem

```math
\operatorname*{arg\,min}_{p∈\mathbb M} f(p)
```

Within the groups we provide short notes on advantages of the individual solvers,
for example whether ``f`` should be convex, or nonconvex – or whether the method works
locally or even globally.

## Derivative Free

For derivative free only function evaluations of ``f`` are used.

* [Nelder-Mead](NelderMead.md) a simplex based variant, that is using ``d+1`` points, where ``d`` is the dimension of the manifold.

> * [Particle Swarm](particle_swarm.md) use the evolution of a set of points, called swarm, to explore the domain of the cost and find a minimizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Particle Swarm](particle_swarm.md) use the evolution of a set of points, called swarm, to explore the domain of the cost and find a minimizer.
* [CMA-ES](cma_es.md) uses a stochastic evolutionary strategy to perform minimization robust to local minima of the objective.
```

Author: oh, did I forget that one? Sorry for that.

## First Order

### Gradient

* [Gradient Descent](gradient_descent.md) uses the gradient from ``f`` to determine a descent direction. Here, the direction can also be changed to be Averaged, Momentum-based, based on Nesterovs rule.
* [Conjugate Gradient Descent](conjugate_gradient_descent.md) uses information from the previous descent direction to improve the current (gradient-based) one including several such update rules.
* [Levenberg-Marquardt](LevenbergMarquardt.md) minimizes the square norm of ``f: \mathcal M→ℝ^d`` provided the gradients of the component functions, or in other words the Jacobian of ``f``.
* The [Quasi-Newton Method](quasi_Newton.md) uses gradient evaluations to approximate the Hessian, which is then used in a Newton-like scheme, where both a limited memory and a full Hessian approximation are available with several different update rules.
* [Steihaug-Toint Truncated Conjugate-Gradient Method](@ref tCG) a solver for a constrained problem defined on a tangent space.

> * [Stochastic Gradient Descent](stochastic_gradient_descent.md) is based on a splitting of ``f`` into several components ``f_i`` whose gradients are provided here. By randomly selecting these, steps towards (compnent-wise) descent directions are performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Stochastic Gradient Descent](stochastic_gradient_descent.md) is based on a splitting of ``f`` into a sum of several components ``f_i`` whose gradients are provided. Steps are performed according to gradients of randomly selected components.
```
I think ideally the interface should be such that the user provides a single function but it gets component number `i` as an argument.

Also, isn't this technically a splitting method?

Author: Yes, technically both LM and SGD are splitting methods.

Author: Maybe one could rename the spitting section to “Nonsmooth Splitting methods”? That would be a remedy maybe that unifies what I collected there.

### Subgradient

The following methods require the Riemannian subgradient ``∂f`` to be available.
While the subgradient might be set-valued, the function should provide one of the subgradients.

* The [Subgradient Method](subgradient.md) takes the negative subgradient as a step direction and can be combined with a step size.
* The [Convex Bundle Method](convex_bundle_method.md) (CBM) uses a former collection of sub gradients at the previous iterates and iterate candidates to solve a local approximation to `f` in every iteration by solving a quadratic problem in the tangent space.
* The [Proximal Bundle Method](proximal_bundle_method.md) works similar to CBM, but solves a proximal map-based problem in every iteration.

## Second Order

> * [Adaptive Regularisation with Cubics](adaptive-regularization-with-cubics.md) locally builds a cubic model to determine a next descent direction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Adaptive Regularisation with Cubics](adaptive-regularization-with-cubics.md) locally builds a cubic model to determine the next descent direction.
```

> * The [Riemannian Trust-Regions Solver](trust_regions.md) builds a quadratic model within a trust region to determine a next descent direction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [Riemannian Trust-Regions Solver](trust_regions.md) builds a quadratic model within a trust region to determine the next descent direction.
```

### Subgradient

The following methods require the Riemannian subgradient ``∂f`` to be available.
While the subgradient might be set-valued, the function should provide one of the subgradients.

* The [Subgradient Method](subgradient.md) takes the negative subgradient as a step direction and can be combined with a step size.
* The [Convex Bundle Method](convex_bundle_method.md) (CBM) uses a former collection of sub gradients at the previous iterates and iterate candidates to solve a local approximation to `f` in every iteration by solving a quadratic problem in the tangent space.
* The [Proximal Bundle Method](proximal_bundle_method.md) works similar to CBM, but solves a proximal map-based problem in every iteration.

## Second Order

* [Adaptive Regularisation with Cubics](adaptive-regularization-with-cubics.md) locally builds a cubic model to determine the next descent direction.
* The [Riemannian Trust-Regions Solver](trust_regions.md) builds a quadratic model within a trust region to determine the next descent direction.

> ## Splitting based

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Nonsmooth splitting based
```
Or maybe we can make two subsections, one with smooth splitting based (LM, SGD) and one with nonsmooth splitting-based.

Author: Well, to be precise the Alternating Gradient descent is also a splitting method then :)

Reviewer: Sure, then let's add it there too :slightly_smiling_face:

# Available solvers in Manopt.jl

```@meta
CurrentModule = Manopt
```

Optimisation problems can be classified with respect to several criteria.
In the following we provide a grouping of the algorithms with respect to the “information”

> available for your optimisation problem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available about your optimisation problem
```

* The [Alternating Gradient Descent](@ref solver-alternating-gradient-descent) alternates gradient descent steps on the components of the product manifold. All these components should be smooth aso the gradient exists, and (locally) convex.

### Nonsmooth

If the gradient does not exist everywhere, that is if the splitting yields summands that are nonsmooth, usually methods based on proximal maps are used.

* The [Chambolle-Pock](ChambollePock.md) algorithm uses a splitting ``f(p) = F(p) + G(Λ(p))``,
  where ``G`` is defined on a manifold ``\mathcal N`` and we need the proximal map of its Fenchel dual. Both these functions can be non-smooth.
* The [Cyclic Proximal Point](cyclic_proximal_point.md) 🫏 uses proximal maps of the functions from splitting ``f`` into summands ``f_i``
* [Difference of Convex Algorithm](@ref solver-difference-of-convex) uses a splitting of the (nonconvex) function ``f = g - h`` into a difference of two functions; for each of these we require the gradient of ``g`` and the subgradient of ``h`` to state a sub problem in every iteration to be solved.

> * [Difference of Convex Proximal Point](@ref solver-difference-of-convex-proximal-point) | [`difference_of_convex_proximal_point`](@ref)

Reviewer: Here we maybe should have a sentence about this solver?

Author: Oh, missed to write that. Will have to check that paper for short how to best formulate that. Thanks for spotting.

# Alphabetical list List of algorithms

| Solver   | Function        | State   |
|:---------|:----------------|:---------|
| [Adaptive Regularisation with Cubics](adaptive-regularization-with-cubics.md) | [`adaptive_regularization_with_cubics`](@ref) | [`AdaptiveRegularizationState`](@ref) |
| [Augmented Lagrangian Method](augmented_Lagrangian_method.md) | [`augmented_Lagrangian_method`](@ref) | [`AugmentedLagrangianMethodState`](@ref) |
| [Chambolle-Pock](ChambollePock.md) | [`ChambollePock`](@ref) | [`ChambollePockState`](@ref) |
| [Conjugate Gradient Descent](conjugate_gradient_descent.md) | [`conjugate_gradient_descent`](@ref) | [`ConjugateGradientDescentState`](@ref) |
| [Convex Bundle Method](convex_bundle_method.md) | [`convex_bundle_method`](@ref) |  [`ConvexBundleMethodState`](@ref) |
| [Cyclic Proximal Point](cyclic_proximal_point.md) | [`cyclic_proximal_point`](@ref) |  [`CyclicProximalPointState`](@ref) |

> | [Difference of Convex Algorithm](@ref solver-difference-of-convex) |
> [`difference_of_convex_algorithm`](@ref) | [`DifferenceOfConvexState`](@ref) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Difference of Convex Algorithm](@ref solver-difference-of-convex) | [`difference_of_convex_algorithm`](@ref) | [`DifferenceOfConvexState`](@ref) |
```
Newline breaks the table a bit.
